Update README.md for .55 release (#15825)
microsoft/PowerToys: README.md

Our [prioritized roadmap][roadmap] of features and utilities that the core team is focusing on.

#### 0.55 - January 2022 Update

TODO

### Community

> - We would love to directly say THANK YOU. Filing issues and feature requests takes time and we greatly appreciate it. They help us quickly diagnosis, spot trends, and prioritize. We love when people fix bugs and develop new PowerToys every little bit does really help.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We would love to directly say THANK YOU. Filing issues and feature requests takes time and we greatly appreciate it. They help us quickly diagnose, spot trends, and prioritize. We love when people fix bugs and develop new PowerToys every little bit does really help.
```

- [@edwinzap](https://github.com/edwinzap) really helped us validate translation issues when our localization system was in transition.
- [@bdoserror](https://github.com/bdoserror) quickly pointed out a release note error

#### General
- .NET runtime is now on 5, our next release will be upgraded to .NET 6. Moving to .NET 5 and then 6 helped reduce our moving parts in a single release so we went this route.  Why this is important is this is one of the major work items needed for ARM64 support. In addition, this should help provide a speed boosts once we are on .NET 6.

> - @jsoref's spelling plugin help

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [@jsoref's](https://github.com/jsoref) spelling plugin help
```

#### PowerRename
- Files are sorted now how File Explorer sorts.

#### PowerToys Run
- Improved speed and bugs with Window walker plugin.  Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)
- Window Walker will now show path of elevated apps.  Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)
- Added UEFI command for system commands. Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)
- Fixed crashing bug in EnvironmentHelper class.  Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)
- Fix URI plugin bug with `^:`.  Thanks [@franky920920](https://github.com/franky920920) and [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)
- Fix Registry plugin crashing bug.  Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)
- VS Code plugin not showing workspaces with latest Code version was corrected.  Thanks [@ricardosantos9521](https://github.com/ricardosantos9521)
- Fixed bug that caused plugins to not load. Thanks [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti)

> - Crashing bug with Uri/Web search plugins. Thanks [@cyberrex5](https://github.com/cyberrex5)!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Fixed crash in Uri plugin and Web search plugin. Thanks [@cyberrex5](https://github.com/cyberrex5)!
```

#### Settings
- Fixed a regression with settings being reset when moving from admin to non-admin

#### Video Conference Mute
- Fixed crashing bug with Zoom and other clients. We found someone we could remotely debug with and identify the actual crashing part.

> - When leaving a meeting, VCM will now leave your microphone in the state it was.  This mimics behavior of applications if VCM was not present.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When leaving a meeting, VCM will now leave your microphone in the state it was.  This mimics behavior of applications if VCM was not present.
- When you exit PowerToys your microphone isn't enable anymore. It will now leave in the state you choosen the last time.
```

The change @yuyoyuppe implemented because of my issue.

#### Community contributions

We'd like to directly mention certain contributors (in alphabetical order) for their continued community support this month and helping directly make PowerToys a better piece of software. 

[@Aaron-Junker](https://github.com/Aaron-Junker), [@bdoserror](https://github.com/bdoserror), [@CleanCodeDeveloper](https://github.com/CleanCodeDeveloper), [@cyberrex5](https://github.com/cyberrex5), [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti), [@edwinzap](https://github.com/edwinzap), [@franky920920](https://github.com/franky920920),  [@jay-o-way](https://github.com/jay-o-way), [@jsoref](https://github.com/jsoref), [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001), and [@ricardosantos9521](https://github.com/ricardosantos9521)

#### What is being planned for v0.56

For [v0.56][github-next-release-work], TODO

> - .NET 6 upgrade to all available surfaces

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- .NET 6 upgrade to all available surfaces
- Fix to improve search speed in Windows Terminal plugin
- Hopefully we can provide you new features for Window Walker that allows you to close a window and to kill the processes of a window.
```

- Terminal fix: I plan to create the PR this weekend.
- Window Walker features: I plan to create the PR for the next release.

Reviewer 3: Let's write your suggestion

Our [prioritized roadmap][roadmap] of features and utilities that the core team is focusing on.

### 0.55 - January 2022 Update

In this release, we are continuing our progress toward getting PowerToys ARM64 ready, fix some top issues and new utilities.  Work from last month helped us enable us to upgrade the code base to .NET 5 and next month onward to .NET 6. This will provide stability and speed improvements.

> We're also extremely existed to bring on 3 new PowerToy utilities.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
We're also extremely excited to bring on 3 new PowerToy utilities.
```

#### File explorer add-ons
- GCode thumbnails now have transparency. Thanks [@pedrolamas](https://github.com/pedrolamas)
- New Utility - Developer files for File Explorer preview pane. This should add about 150 file extensions total. We are using the [Monaco Editor](https://github.com/Microsoft/monaco-editor) to power this experience.  Thanks [@aaron-junker](https://github.com/aaron-junker)!
- New Utility - STL thumbnail and preview panes added!  Thanks [@pedrolamas](https://github.com/pedrolamas)!

#### Image Resizer
- Fixed bug with too much meta data.  Thanks [@CleanCodeDeveloper](https://github.com/CleanCodeDeveloper)
- Fixed bug resizing bug for constant height while maintaining aspect ratio.  Thanks [@CleanCodeDeveloper](https://github.com/CleanCodeDeveloper)

#### Mouse utilities
- New Utility - Crosshair over pointer via <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd>. This feature was co-developed with the accessibility team at Microsoft. Thanks [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001) for helping with the icon!

#### PowerRename
- Files are sorted now how File Explorer sorts.

#### PowerToys Run

> - Improved speed and fixed bugs with Window walker plugin.  Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Improved speed and fixed bugs with Window Walker plugin.  Thanks [@htcfreek](https://github.com/htcfreek)
```

- Fixed crashing bug with Zoom and other clients. We found someone we could remotely debug with and identify the actual crashing part.
- Change of behavior: When leaving a meeting, VCM will now leave your microphone in the state it was.  This mimics behavior of applications if VCM was not present.
- Change of behavior: When you exit PowerToys, your current microphone state will remain.

#### Community contributions

We'd like to directly mention certain contributors (in alphabetical order) for their continued community support this month and helping directly make PowerToys a better piece of software. 
[@Aaron-Junker](https://github.com/Aaron-Junker), [@bdoserror](https://github.com/bdoserror), [@CleanCodeDeveloper](https://github.com/CleanCodeDeveloper), [@cyberrex5](https://github.com/cyberrex5), [@davidegiacometti](https://github.com/davidegiacometti), [@edwinzap](https://github.com/edwinzap), [@franky920920](https://github.com/franky920920),  [@jay-o-way](https://github.com/jay-o-way), [@jsoref](https://github.com/jsoref), [@niels9001](https://github.com/niels9001), and [@ricardosantos9521](https://github.com/ricardosantos9521)

#### What is being planned for v0.56

> For [v0.56][github-next-release-work], we plan on finishing up the .NET upgrade path to 6.  This will require development to migrate to Visual Studio 2022. We are also shifting back to a continuous number system versus Odd for main and Even for experimental releases.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
For [v0.56][github-next-release-work], we plan on finishing up the .NET upgrade path to 6.  This will require development to migrate to Visual Studio 2022. We are also shifting back to a continuous version number system versus Odd for main and Even for experimental releases.
```

- .NET 6 upgrade to all available surfaces
- A Dialog on update making you aware of what has changed.  You may hear us refer to this as 'scoobe'.
- 'Shake to activate' find my mouse

> - PowerToy Run plugin improvements

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- PowerToys Run plugin improvements
```
